Dwight down
what's with the jeans speaking of his
lordship yeah babe it's Oh No I don't
like it I don't like it either I'm very
upset about this this is a final season
of Downton Abbey you're a Downton daddy
I'm a Downton mommy this is very
upsetting it's very upsetting what can I
say one feeling about the show I do feel
as though it's jump the shark of it and
here's why there's two scenes that were
lunacy number one is his lordship
spewing blood at the dinner table
spewing is an understatement yeah he was
pro like vomiting yes such violence yeah
camellias yeah it was a little it was
too far like it for Downton that was a
crazy thing to happen and then this car
wreck that happens at the stupid race
buzzer pussy kills drivers well that's
the point is that Lady Mary's pussy
kills people and you all knew that car
drive car drivers specifically yes but
that was like a far-out scene too for
Downton it kind of jumped the shark
because the whole nothing actually
happens on Downton Abbey the biggest
thing that ever happened with civils
death every other thing is like you're
wearing the wrong tuxedo to denim a lot
and that is man trouble yeah only his
white tape right and that's the whole
episode is dealing with Branson's wrong
tuxedo
I thought they also this season they
would hit certain beats to repeatedly
for instance Carson Hughes get married
right right I like that story I like the
storyline too but him being underwhelmed
by her home making skills I am hit like
six seven times before you know right
it's just repetitive he doesn't like
that she didn't the cook and then the
next scene he was like are you gonna ask
mrs. Patmore for help and then in the
next episode he's like are you cooking
again like we understand you've already
established it was it seems like they
kept going to the well over and over for
them that's true I thought it was
repetitive that's true plus the
resolution was pretty clever it was a
cute scene where she tricks him
ooh but man I don't think you need I
don't think you need to set it up that
means well and she took a beating for
too long mrs. yes she took it I was like
a bitch
she should have pushed back on cars I
wonder if this because we haven't seen
the finale and I'm sure some people in
in the UK for sir sure have will he pull
out that thick Carson cock we've been
talking about yes well is he
uncircumcised he's English she's
probably probably is uncircumcised yeah
so we're gonna get rid of their x' a
brand new golden retriever there is
that's exciting
this is Hughes as I recall you like
uncircumcised cocks Tina Oh mr. Carson
uh where's my funnel cake mrs. Patmore's
made us a funnel cake ah it's very
exciting it's been I'm excited that uh
what's-her-name's having a baby with
what's his cox who you know Lady Mary's
no not role she hasn't been on the
season roses in New York yeah Lady
Mary's a maid what's her name
Oh miss blondie mrs. mr. Bates mr. Bates
and master Bates yes having kid which is
a sweet story line
I think Branson's gonna hook up with
Lady Mary that's my problem telling you
final episode violets dead I don't like
that violet is dead cousin violet I love
cousin violet she's my absolute favorite
character oh it's my cousin excellent
impression oh it bothers me how low her
tits are and I've seen her and other
things like in Harry Potter movies yeah
her tits are way too low and I'm not
saying I'm not to blame her I'm just
saying there's proper bras you can buy
too it's accurate
you know it's fucking 1926 men didn't
know but even at Hogwarts when she
teaches that's different though their
tits are way low as 200 she knew
managing about the meth to match a
magical bra for that she needs a magical
bird to low in that there look at her
tits in that and all the Harry Potter
movies and they're to her knees Tara you
have a direct line to her now you want
her name with the actresses name her
name
is a Mary I love her she's really
fantastic she is my absolute favorite
she's such a great actor but honey your
tits are too low you have to buy the
right bra because I've got big slopper
too and you got a that was a the Dowager
Countess violet Crawley uh what's her
name the Dowager Countess lady what's
her fright magar Nicole is her name
right
hogwash she's supposed to be 84 really
yeah why can't there just I'm seeing all
the fake information about her she's the
best character is played by by by oh for
fuck's sake
Oh God so annoying Vaio
let's no yes that's her fake name I know
trying to find out her real name Maggie
Smith Maggie Smith so Maggie Maggie
Maggie we love you you're an amazing
actress you need to get your tits
hoisted up okay 81 yeah but that's even
less of an excuse she didn't you need to
have a bra fitted she's got to go to
Nordstrom mmm ask for Rachel and they'll
fit you